Separate channel structures (#4106)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Channel.md

|-----------------|-----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| id              | snowflake | the id of this channel                                                                                                                                                  |
| type            | integer   | the [type of channel](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/channel-object-channel-types)                                                                                             |
| name            | string    | the name of the channel (1-100 characters)                                                                                                                              |
| permissions?    | string    | computed permissions for the invoking user in the channel, including overwrites, only included when part of the `resolved` data received on a slash command interaction |

###### Text and News Channel

> Shared structure of a text- and news guild channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shared structure of both text and news guild channels.
```

| id                  | snowflake                                                 | the id of this channel                                                                                                     |
| type                | integer                                                   | the [type of channel](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/channel-object-channel-types)                                                |
| last_message_id     | ?snowflake                                                | the id of the last message sent in this channel (may not point to an existing or valid message)                            |
| recipients          | array of [user](#DOCS_RESOURCES_USER/user-object) objects | the recipients of the DM                                                                                                   |
| last_pin_timestamp? | ?ISO8601 timestamp                                        | when the last pinned message was pinned. This may be `null` in events such as `GUILD_CREATE` when a message is not pinned. |

> ###### Group Channel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Group DM Channel
```
Also, worth considering whether this still needs to be documented.

Author: I agree - but I did not want to do any other changes than required to split up the channel object.

| recipients          | array of [user](#DOCS_RESOURCES_USER/user-object) objects | the recipients of the DM                                                                                                   |
| icon                | ?string                                                   | icon hash                                                                                                                  |
| owner_id            | snowflake                                                 | id of the creator of the group DM                                                                                          |
| application_id?     | snowflake                                                 | application id of the group DM creator if it is bot-created                                                                |
| last_pin_timestamp? | ?ISO8601 timestamp                                        | when the last pinned message was pinned. This may be `null` in events such as `GUILD_CREATE` when a message is not pinned. |

###### Thread Channel

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shared structure for public, private, and announcement threads.

```

| user_limit            | integer                                                                | the user limit of the voice channel                                                                                                  |
| parent_id             | ?snowflake                                                             | id of the parent category for a channel (each parent category can contain up to 50 channels)                                         |
| rtc_region            | ?string                                                                | [voice region](#DOCS_RESOURCES_VOICE/voice-region-object) id for the voice channel, automatic when set to null                       |
| video_quality_mode?   | integer                                                                | the camera [video quality mode](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/channel-object-video-quality-modes) of the voice channel, 1 when not present |

###### Category and Store Channel

> Shared structure for a category- and store channel that both do not allow sending any messages or connecting over VoIP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shared structure for category and store channels;  both do not allow sending any messages or connecting over VoIP.
```
